Changelog: Team-Level Groups UI (#2939)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2025/01/team-level-groups.md

---
title: Team level view of Groups
description: We've introduced a new feature that provides teams with a comprehensive view of Groups, helping to streamline collaboration and organization.
date: 2025-01-16 14:00:00.0
authors: [ "serban-costin" ]
tags:
  - changelog
---

![Screenshot from the new team level groups](./images/team-level-groups.png){data-zoomable}
_Screenshot from the new team level groups_

Managing remote instances is easier with the new Team-level view of Groups.

> Groups let you organize instances by application and target them in DevOps pipelines for seamless updates across

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Groups let you organize your Remote Instances by application. They can then be used as a Target in DevOps pipelines for seamless updates across
```
